README.md, before:

# DESCRIPTION:

Upgrade python (http://www.python.org/) to latest stable version (as of 07/04/12) without breaking yum on CentOS 5.x.

It also installs pip, virtualenv and fabric.


# REQUIREMENTS:

This script has only been tested on CentOS 5.6, 5.7 and 5.8. Please do NOT run it on CentOS 6 (not needed).

# USAGE:

You must be root or use sudo.

	#> ./install_python27.sh

# TODO:

~~Allow user to choose directory (/usr/local/ instead of /opt/).~~ DONE thanks to [dldinternet](https://github.com/dldinternet)

Allow which version to upgrade to (including 3.x branch).

# LICENSE & AUTHOR:

Author:: Anthony Scalisi (scalisi.a@gmail.com)

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

	http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Commit message:

mention arch and dest params and update README

README.md, after:

# DESCRIPTION:

Upgrade python (http://www.python.org/) to latest stable version (as of 03/16/13) without breaking yum on CentOS 5.x.

It also installs pip, virtualenv and fabric.


# REQUIREMENTS:

This script has only been tested on CentOS 5.6, 5.7 and 5.8. Please do NOT run it on CentOS 6 (not needed).

# USAGE:

You must be root or use sudo.

	#> ./install_python27.sh
	
You can edit `arch` and `dest` to select destination and architecture:

	arch="i386"
	dest="/usr/local"


# TODO:

~~Allow user to choose directory (/usr/local/ instead of /opt/).~~ DONE thanks to [dldinternet](https://github.com/dldinternet)

Allow which version to upgrade to (including 3.x branch).

# LICENSE & AUTHOR:

Author:: Anthony Scalisi (scalisi.a@gmail.com)

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

	http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
